Just... everything? Okay... Well
I really don't have anything to add to this nonsense
We're here working, aren't we,
putting in effort, finding the path to the future
and what's the reaction, well...
Not that they can't just understand
the concept of virtual reality, but
they simply laugh
at the efforts of others
Such ignorance...
I know, we think about it like this,
that the other capsules aren't ready yet
to step into our future
And maybe that's okay
We are, so far, the light at the end of the tunnel,
showing them the way to the future
Because guys, just think about it -
my first mobile phone in 2001
had a ridiculous antenna, a black and white screen,
and monotonous ringtones
That device was so big, you see,
that I could have knocked someone out with it
if needed
And where have we gotten to
in just 22 years!
Absolutely crazy development, you know.
IT folks even have their own term for it -
Moore's Law:
Microchips double in power every two years.
Twice as powerful, indeed!
It's an exponential bang!
Modern people are accustomed to
Smart-ID, 4G, instant transfers.
The world is enormous, it's vast,
yet it fits into a pocket-sized phone.
This is just an absolutely insane era!
And when you think about it, over
half of the communications happening on the internet
are between machines, not people.
Guys, it's just a bit crazy to me
that humans have created such technology
that has long surpassed them in development.
We should catch up a bit, you know!
And this leap towards technology -
it's possible. I believe it!
It's only possible if we
are willing to become Homo Futuris!
How do we do that? Easy peasy!
We need to go even further.
We must go beyond.
when virtual reality
We need to consider compatibility
with technology. Dear friends!
We need to become androids!
And I understand... I understand
This idea is a bit out there
But c'mon, think about it!
Once upon a time, the idea of a 4G phone seemed completely crazy
No one could imagine
what we have today
The world, it needs a bit of craziness
And we are sitting in some ultra-capsule right now
Where else can we think of such things?
Where else can we try them out in practice?
Speaking of crazy ideas...
To take the first step now
on the path to the future human's androidization,
I would suggest that here in this capsule,
for the next 23 years and beyond,
reproduction should only occur
through artificial insemination.
Why?
Friends, genes can be hacked.
Let technology assist us from day one.
We can eliminate all human errors from the start!
But what does this actually mean for us?
We could put an end to diseases
like Down syndrome, Rett syndrome,
all genetic inherited diseases
already today!
We provide all future children
with an equal starting kit for life, right?
Being born healthy, strong, and capable of development.
Of course, some people might resist the idea
They wouldn't understand this concept
But here we have a more enlightened group
Let's grab our smart devices
and start voting for this cause
One small step for man,
one friggin' giant leap for mankind!